Updated README with information on styling (#560)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: README.md

Then open http://localhost:8000 in your favorite browser.

## styling

There is a top-level [`.prettierrc`](/.prettierrc) file for the [prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) formatter.

> For `uc-doc` markdown documents, the command `prettier --prose-wrap always 'content/uc-doc/**/*.md'` should be used(and will be checked by CI).

Reviewer: Objection to use the yarn wrapper? (I guess we could also remove prettier parameters from `package.json` to move everything in the `.prettierrc`)
```suggestion
For `uc-doc` markdown documents, the command `yarn format:uc-doc` should be used(and will be checked by CI).
```
